iceberg lambda: bump quilt-shared to per-bucket QueryMaker (#4931)
quiltdata/quilt: lambdas/iceberg/CHANGELOG.md

## Changes

> - [Changed] Embed the per-bucket `QueryMaker` (`quilt-shared` re-pinned), so the lambda writes package-index rows to per-bucket `{bucket}_{table}` Iceberg tables. Part of the per-bucket Iceberg pivot across **quilt#4930**, **enterprise#1071**, **deployment#2436**, **tabulator#133** ([#4931](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/4931))

Author: ```suggestion
- [Changed] Update `quilt-shared` to pick up the per-bucket `QueryMaker`, so the lambda writes package-index rows to per-bucket `{bucket}_{table}` Iceberg tables. ([#4931](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/4931))
```
